Hello, I want to show one more
Daddy in my hands a Chinese knife for this
box times without any
identifying marks are not these marks and
in fact , however, it is enough to open
ours so that all questions disappear
in front of us are fakes of a knife
ontario rat folder model 1 in
common rat
it is extremely popular at
least on the side of the knife controversy I heard
repeatedly why the chinese still
with their fakes I got to
rats well, the main argument was that
the cost
ontario rat folder 1 and is about
40 dollars with delivery and fake
such rain tower is beneficial nonetheless
for the Chinese, apparently there is nothing
the impossible knife they made and sell
it is priced at less than 20 dollars at
this they in the design was made
a few small changes that have
in my opinion some positive to me
don't like the main thing
not basic but one of the notable ones
the size of the knife has changed Chinese knife
longer than about one centimeter wherein
cutting edge added 3 millimeters
length
further the blade on the Chinese we see
stonewash on the original we have small
cross sateen matter of taste to anyone what
I personally like more like satin
table knife in my opinion more
contributes to the appearance of spots where
rust the next difference is
in addition to the length , the blade thickness has also changed
the original thickness is 2 and 8
millimeter in Chinese on the same 38
millimeter that is approximately
millimeter blade added accordingly
changed and without a knife I have not here
a completely original knife will be seen replacing
lining
weight is about 160 grams Chinese
weighs 175 grams
15 grams to someone may seem
significant in my opinion this is big
does not matter
knife lining on the original was used
material called frn or uah i.e.
is it an eye or fiberglass reinforced
Niall many abused by the way taste it
for the lining material since he
slippery Chinese used g10
it contributes to more reliable
hold knife and since
the Chinese are already accustomed to release in similar
fakes to satisfy as much as possible
user needs then released
this knife was immediately with lining
different color it and orange
similar to this and camouflage as nato
even who came to me
black sulfur and things like that is
you can choose to your taste well,
otherwise what else if you look closely
you can see that the width of the cutting edge
for more Chinese
that is, in addition to the thickness of the blade
changed to ontario rat
note area
0 6 millimeter in Chinese mixing
about 075 millimeters this
naturally a little worsen the cut but not
so much so that this knife became a cleaver
instead of compared to the original
further on ontario used steel
aus 8 from the Chinese
this is an analogue of 8-13
or in another classification t440p
the chinese used steel 9xs r18 i
I can this steel corresponds to 440c
or aus 10 but approximately of course
There is basically one of the drawbacks
as many wanted to purchase a rat with
more advanced steel and
there were custom versions of this knife
where steel is better including powders
The Chinese have put ios 10 and while of course
this one of mine was not in use
there is nothing you already sausage and I cut
but still if you try to compare
in such a stupid way namely shoes about
their ontario knife slides on the chinese
while the Chinese
removes such very noticeable chips from
original knife from this can be in
principle to conclude that steel is
Chinese
harder but how will she behave in
real in real use say
I can not maybe she will crumble
while it was nothing to me
notice but none the less apparently
declared steel grade
here is correct, that is, steel
use on what is labeled
on labeling again in direct in full
sense of the word knife is not
fakes since
logo ontario knife name
missing here appeared some
incomprehensible
initials keyhole what does it mean I can't
say maybe this is a knife ontario
maybe something else clip similarly
the original is tough enough
liners in Chinese on the same has the same
thickness here is one and a half millimeter but
Castle
comes a little less than the original
I checked from the blows to the ear not
fold in principle the knife can
say quite good and for the money that
he stands me personally this knife
More like the Chinese clone
military or
paramilitary and
I recommend to buy it
I will not
who needs to find a knife in general such
It turned out in my opinion very much
interesting and not bad thanks to everyone
dating